well how do you live internet people
let's bow again happy Halloween
almost so uh let's talk about how a link
on stems yeah you can if you want to you
can dress up in blackface you can dress
up like sexy Pocahontas you can dress up
like Trayvon Martin or Adolf Hitler or
any other offensive thing that you can
think of you can do that but it doesn't
mean that anybody has to associate you
with you afterward it doesn't mean that
anybody has to employ you afterward
doesn't mean that your school can't
throw you out you know I don't
understand the shock when people do
something like this and then there's a
backlash and they get fired you
intentionally are setting out to do
something offensive and then you cry
when people get offended man anyone
seems a little odd here's the thing
being offensive and edgy is not actually
a substitute for having a sense of humor
it's really not and see that's the thing
as normally guys my age you know back in
my day people could take a joke right
see here's the thing you know you can
pull that with with the young kids let's
see I was alive back then I remember
what it was like jokes back then making
fun of the slow kid yeah man we were
fantastic people torment and the gay kid
till he killed himself
just a joke you haven't grown up at all
you haven't realized that was wrong
you know there's a reason that your ilk
has had to set up dating websites
specifically for you guys because normal
people don't want to be around normal
people do not want to associate with you
you know and again it's that anonymity
of the internet that's what brought all
this about you know it used to be just a
screen name and people could say
whatever they want and then now that
social media has become more real and
you're normally dealing with a real
person with a real name people still
think they have that in an anonymity
though that it's over the internet so it
doesn't matter
and then they carry that attitude out
into real life
be edgy be shocking here be shocking be
a good person try that I say you can do
whatever you want you can dress however
you want and you can think it's funny
you have that right but the rest of us
are gonna look down on you and you know
it's the same people you know it's this
PC thing run amok they're trying to
change the way we think yes that's
exactly what it is you know there's a
lot of people that don't want to admit
that no that's exactly what it is we are
trying to change the way you think
because the way you think is critically
flawed bigotry is out
okay it's something that sane people
have given up on now I understand that
the current political climate
the pendulum has swung over into that
direction but I wouldn't mistake a fluke
for a change in culture
nobody's going back to that nobody's
gonna think that's okay the stuff you do
today when you think that you know it's
coming back into style so you start
showing your true colors people are
gonna remember it people are going to
remember it so again you can do what you
want it's just a joke but you can't be
mad when you suffer the consequences of
your actions anyway just a thought y'all
have a good night